Add information about time before monitoring migrations (#354)
18F/identity-handbook: _articles/appdev-deploy.md

   1. Follow the progress of the migrations, ensure that they are working properly <a id="follow-the-process" />
   ```bash

>    # may need to wait ~5 minutes after the recycle

Reviewer: Does it often take this long? I agree "a few seconds" is probably shorter than realistic. Maybe we can split the difference?

```suggestion
   # may need to wait a few minutes after the recycle
```

Author: That works. I gave a rough estimate here.
